Author(s): Zbynìk Koldovský, Jiøí Málek, Marek Boháè
Technical University of Liberec
Studentská 1402/2, LIBEREC
Czech Republic

This is unpublished proprietary source code of TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY OF
LIBEREC, CZECH REPUBLIC.

The purpose of this software is the dissemination of scientific work for
scientific use. The commercial distribution or use of this source code is
prohibited. The copyright notice does not evidence any actual or intended
publication of this code. Term and termination:

This license shall continue for as long as you use the software. However,
it will terminate if you fail to comply with any of its terms and
conditions. You agree, upon termination, to discontinue using, and to
destroy all copies of, the software.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that
the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer (Limitation of
warranties and liability). Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer (Limitation of warranties and liability) in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither name of
copyright holders nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

The limitations of warranties and liability set out below shall continue
in force even after any termination.

Limitation of warranties and liability:

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE HEREBY
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS  OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.  